configuration readme (#16)
dontpaniclabs/DontPanicLabs.Ifx: DontPanicLabs.Ifx.Configuration.Local/README.md

> This project supports three configuration sources:

Reviewer: You need a single top level `# H1`, then your sections need to be `## H2`. An `#` will turn into a `<h1>` (`##` to `<h2>`, `###` to `<h3>`). For accessibility and semantic HTML reasons, it's good practice to only have a single `<h1>` header for a _thing_. In this instance, I believe README is rendered into is an `<article></article>`, the focal point of the page.

# Local Configuration
This project supports three configuration sources:
 - Environment variables
 - The `appsettings.json` file
 - The .NET User Secrets store

## Environment Variables
The Config class first checks the `appsettings.json` file for the presence of the `skipEnvironmentVariables` entry. If this entry is found, and it is set to true, environment variables will not be loaded.
```json
{
    "skipEnvironmentVariables": true,
    "ifx": {},
    "appsettings": {}
}
```
This setting is primarily intended to ensure consistent environment configuration for testing purposes.

## appsettings.json

> After loading environment variables (or not), the Config class loads the `appsettings.json` file.  `appsettings.json` is technically optional.  This file should never contain sensitive keys or secrets, as it is checked into source control.  Also, unintended values in this file could override environment variables in non-development environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After loading environment variables (or not), the Config class loads the `appsettings.json` file, if included in the project. Values from appsettings.json will override values loaded from environment variables.

> [!CAUTION]
> appsettings.json should never contain sensitive keys or secrets, as this file is checked into source control.

> [!CAUTION]
> Because appsettings.json values will override matching environment variables, it's especially easy for checked-in appsettings.json values to unintentionally override environment variables in non-development environments.
```

Reviewer: Note, I haven't used these things before but I think it'll render like this (if all goes well)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/52b1179f-0d0c-4779-a986-3e6b7d611a7b)
